Hello and welcome to my landing page. Thank you for taking the time to navigate to this page, it means you are reviewing my resume and/or application, and I appreciate your time in doing so. My name is 
Emily Summers. My story is a bit of a multifaceted one, but I cherish authenticity in life, and I hope you'll consider my application as having more value for the many different experiences I have had on 
my way to this point in life.  



When I first began school in 2017, I was coming straight from a collegiate background with my AA in hand and a passion for the field of healing. I had extremely little knowledge of 
computer science or engineering. During this time, I assisted with alzheimer's research in a laboratory setting, which later translated into a job as a clinical trial research coordinator working with alzheimer 
patients and two separate drug companies, Otzuka and Avanir. Then, in 2019 I was introduced to computer science, and I found how impactful technology could really be. The guidance I had received in the past 
that phones and computers were just a distraction to society slowly morphed into a newfound appreciation, and in 2020 I took my first few programming classes following my graduation. Then, in January 2021, 
I began my graduate study. 



It was in those few months before my graduate study that I concreted a passion for programming. It was answering my desire to solve problems that the simple study of biology was unable to provide at that 
level. This was followed by completing extracurricular research in data analytics and machine learning, a process that will hopefully one day translate into a published journal. I learned a lot during this 
process such as as team work, github and contributing to a project that was bigger than my part of the input. I had a wonderful graduate research mentor who took me under her wing and directed me to many 
opportunities in my field such as the Computing Research Association, conferences and the National Center for Women and Information Technology. She taught me the value in having mentorship and a good educator. 



I graduated from my master in science in May 2023, having taken an extra four months to complete the program in order to immerse myself better within the field and to also work while attending school. The jobs I
 have held up until this point, have been a wide variant of minimum wage retail jobs to working alongside the State of Florida, to attempting my own business addressing small business owners in need of website
  development. At this point in my life, I am ready to put the past behind and begin a full time job working in technology that merges technological innovation with that of medicine and biology. 



Please take a look at my portfolio, business website and skills. As I embark on the next chapter of my journey, I'm enthusiastic about the opportunity to contribute my unique blend of skills, experiences, and 
passions to your team. I'm committed to integrating my background in medicine, research, and technology to drive innovative solutions and make a lasting impact. Thank you for considering my application. I look
forward to the opportunity to discuss how I can contribute to your organization's success. Let's embark on a collaborative journey that will shape the future.



Warm regards,
Emily Summers